Rank	Statement	Tone
1	Please note that durations are approximate and do not fully account for team tasks.	Negative
2	The upgrade or downgrade to different versions is not included in the proposed costs.	Negative
3	No approval of assets will be provided.	Negative
4	It does not affect any licensing or pricing and is not broken down by the number of versions.	Negative
5	With any customization it would be appropriate to use this as guidance and OpenText Professional Services can provide better estimates following analysis of requirements and design of the solution.	Negative
6	OpenText has interpreted this question as if we as a company have a Disaster Recovery Plan.	Negative
7	Customer will be responsible for all backup and restoration processes to be performed on systems within their environment.	Negative
8	Failure to comply with the request of the Contracting Authority and meet the requirement within that time period will render the bid non-responsive.	Negative
9	Duration noted below should not be interpreted as work effort.	Negative
10	The process to move and migrate to a more digital based marketing / communications team (across several business units) is challenging to say the least	Negative
1	A flexible object model that can be used to describe a wide range of physical item types. 	Neutral
2	Close alignment to the functionality of the OpenText Records Management module for Content Server. 	Neutral
3	Please note that associated services estimates are based upon OT Services delivery of projects similar in nature. 	Neutral
4	In consideration for the High Level Objectives above, Customer will engage OT in an estimated 223 person-day Project. 	Neutral
5	Final deliverables will be prepared in French.	Neutral
6	This consultant will be guiding the Customer team on effective communications to affect the transition from the legacy solution to the new solution.	Neutral
7	We suggest you let these instructions viewable until you are ready to revise your final version.	Neutral
8	Update these sections as required to be specific to the SOW contemplated.	Neutral
9	OpenText has assumed the consulting services will be contracted on “Time and Material basis. 	Neutral
10	OpenText and Customer may make changes in specifications and other information contained in this document if mutually agreed to.	Neutral
1	Thank you for this opportunity and we appreciate your consideration of our OpenText Services Program proposal.	Positive
2	Our proven solution will help you achieve the goals of this RFP.	Positive
3	OpenText is committed to defining a an agreed upon plan representative of our level of effort for this project, managed by a rigorous change control process and ongoing oversight to deliver this project effectively on time within budget unless otherwise agreed upon.	Positive
4	Customer has successfully implemented and used OpenText Content Suite for over two decades.	Positive
5	OpenText is pleased to submit this quotation for professional services to support the upgrade of the software – based on OpenText Content Server and a Kofax Capture.	Positive
6	Consultant and OT agree that the following objectives should be met in order to successfully complete the Services.	Positive
7	OT will commit to review and approval of weekly project reports within the 5 day window in order to ensure timely progression of work.	Positive
8	OpenText is pleased to submit this Statement of Work to customer for consideration.  	Positive
9	Open Text and customer agree to cooperate in good faith to complete the Services and Deliverables in a timely and professional manner.	Positive
10	Our customers will be able to more quickly and efficiently deploy SharePoint sites with built-in OT functionality that reflects their business process.	Positive
